

Admission Date: [**2669-11-9**]        Discharge Date: [**2669-12-13**]

Date of Birth:  [**2582-1-21**]        Sex:  M

Service:  NSU


MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Aspirin.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Past medical history is remarkable for
osteoarthritis, laminectomy, polymyalgia rheumatica,
inclusion body myopathy and upper GI bleed.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mr. [**Known patient lastname 11210**] is an 87 year old
gentleman with a history of fall. He had a fall prior to
admission with neck pain and presented to an outside
hospital. He had a CAT scan and MRI done of the neck which
did show question of osteomyelitis and abscess at the C5-C6
level. He was transferred to [**Hospital1 391**].

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Heart rate was 98. Blood pressure was
132/70. Respiratory rate was 16. He was in a hard collar.
Extraocular movements were intact. Lungs were clear to
auscultation bilaterally. Heart showed regular rate and
rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops. Abdomen showed positive
bowel sounds, soft, nontender, nondistended, no CVA
tenderness. Neurologic exam - he opened his eyes to voice. He
followed commands in all four extremities and was alert and
oriented.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  He was admitted to the Trauma Intensive
Care Unit for close neurological monitoring. He was started
on IV antibiotics. Cultures were obtained. He was also seen
by ORL for his posterior pharyngeal fluid collection which
was evacuated. He was left intubated after this procedure. He
did receive a PICC line for long term antibiotic and was also
started on TPN. Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 976**] from Surgery did discuss with the
family the patient undergoing a C5-6 anterior cervical
diskectomy and fusion with allograft and screw and plate
fixation. On [**2669-11-16**], he was brought to the
Operating Room where he did have an anterior cervical
diskectomy and fusion from C4 to C6 performed by Dr.
[**Last Name (STitle) **]. Postoperatively, he was sedated. Vital signs
were stable. Blood pressure was 142-170/53-70. His hematocrit
was 31.6. He was able to move all four extremities to
command. Dressing was clean, dry and intact. He remained
intubated and was followed with C-spine films. He was able to
have his activity increased postoperatively, but he was kept
intubated. His TPN was resumed. He then had both tracheostomy
and PEG tubes placed for long term management. On [**2669-11-20**], he had lower extremity Dopplers which did not show
a DVT. On x-rays done on [**11-23**], a new mild
retrolisthesis of C4 on C5 was seen. However, due to his
degree of osteoporosis, Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] felt a posterior
fusion was warranted and discussed this with the family who
agreed and he was brought to the Operating Room on [**2669-11-29**] for a posterior cervical laminectomy and fusion.
Prior to that day he had a tracheostomy and post-op Cspine
Xrays showed that the superior plate screws had partially
moved .He
was placed on imipenem for Enterobacter found in sputum
culture and this was continued for 14 days. Postoperatively,
he was uneventful radiographically and posterior instrumentation
was in
good position. He was neurologically stable and his activity
was once again increased and Physical Therapy and
Occupational Therapy assisted. On [**12-1**], the patient
was found to have upper GI bleeding and was scoped emergently
and was found to have a shallow crater at the
gastroesophageal junction with slight ooze. It was
recommended that he be followed with serial hematocrits and
transfused as needed and to have Protonix twice per day. He
did require frequent suctioning while he was in the Intensive
Care Unit but this did slowly subside and he was able to be
transferred to the Neurological Stepdown Unit on [**12-7**].
Both Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy worked with
him closely and felt he would benefit from a rehab placement.
He was seen by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 11211**] for question of leg
movements at night and they did recommend an EEG with video
monit...