
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3134-11-12**]              Discharge Date:   [**3135-3-21**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3083-11-28**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: MEDICINE
 
Allergies: 
Augmentin / Sulfa (Sulfonamides) / Penicillins / Heparin Agents
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 2446**] 
Chief Complaint:
Fever
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
[**3135-1-19**]: Chest Tube Placement
Tracheostomy

 
History of Present Illness:
The patient is a 50 year old female with multiple myeloma, s/p 
autologous stem cell transplant, transfusion dependent, 
presenting with fevers and upper respiratory congestion. The 
patient was in her usual state of health until two days prior to 
admission when she began sneezing. She came to the outpatient 
clinic for platelet and blood transfusions over the weekend. The 
night prior to admission, she developed a frontal headache, 
runny nose, nasal congestion, watery and red eyes and had 
difficulty sleeping. She presented for a scheduled visit at the 
clinic for platelet transfusion today.  She developed a 
temperature to 100.5 after one unit of blood transfusion.  She 
was also transfused one unit of platelets.  The patient was 
admitted for febrile neutropenia.  
 
Past Medical History:
Multiple Myeloma
-Diagnosed with IgG multiple myeloma in [**3121**].  She was followed 
expectantly with stable asymptomatic disease
-[**7-/3130**] she developed back pain, anemia and an IgG level to the 
mid 3000 range.  Bone marrow biopsy demonstrated approximately 
40-50% plasma cellularity.  MRI revealed an expansile lesion in 
the left iliac crest.  She was treated with pulse Decadron until 
[**8-/3130**] but developed hypercalcemia. 
-She received high-dose Cytoxan for stem cell priming.  On 
[**3131-1-23**], she underwent an autologous bone transplant and 
attained a CR.  
-[**12/3132**], she was noted to have a rising IgG level with 
progressive bone pain
-bone marrow biopsy performed in [**2-/3133**] showed 90% plasma cell 
cellularity with amyloidosis by [**Country **] red staining comprising 
approximately 40% of the marrow core.  
-[**3133-4-11**], she was started on protocol 04-130 with Velcade and 
Revamid--and completed 8 cycles.
-[**8-/3134**], found to have progressive disease by skeletal survey. 
She was restarted on Velcade/Revlamid to cytoreduce prior to 
allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
-[**10-29**], secondary to poor response to therapy, changed to 
Melphalan, Revlamid, Prednisone

 
Social History:
Lives with husband and two children (daughter, 14 y/o, and son, 
16y/o).  Denies significant tobacco use - smoked about [**12-25**] ppd 
x2-3 years, quit 20y ago.  Occasional alcohol, no IVDU.  Does 
not work outside the home.

 
Family History:
M - skin cancer
M - multiple sclerosis
F - Alzheimer's
 
Physical Exam:
Admission Physical Exam:
VS-100.7, 119, 22, 127/78
Gen-congested, red weeping eyes
HEENT-bilateral injection, red eyes right>left, mouth sores on 
posterior pharynx
Neck-supple, nontender
Car-tachycardic, no murmur
Resp-CTAB
Abd-s/nt/nd/nabs no HSM
Ext-no edema, ecchymoses over both forearms.
.
 
Pertinent Results:
.
[**3134-11-11**] 09:30AM   WBC-0.4* RBC-3.21* HGB-10.0* HCT-27.2* MCV-85 
MCH-31.1 MCHC-36.8* RDW-14.5
[**3134-11-11**] 09:30AM   [**Last Name (un) 1056**] CT-70*

[**3134-11-12**] 10:10AM   ALT(SGPT)-82* AST(SGOT)-31 LD(LDH)-152 ALK 
PHOS-123* TOT BILI-1.1
[**3134-11-12**] 10:10AM   ALBUMIN-3.6 CALCIUM-8.8 PHOSPHATE-2.6* 
MAGNESIUM-1.9
[**3134-11-12**] 10:10AM   GLUCOSE-145* UREA N-17 CREAT-0.6 SODIUM-133 
POTASSIUM-3.5 CHLORIDE-97 TOTAL CO2-28 ANION GAP-12
[**3134-11-12**] 08:45PM URINE  RBC-0 WBC-0 BACTERIA-NONE YEAST-NONE 
EPI-0
.
[**11-13**]: CT sinus-IMPRESSION:
1. Mucosal thickening of the paranasal sinuses as described 
above.
2. Preseptal periorbital soft tissue edema and postseptal 
extraconal fat stranding, most consistent with a cellulitis.
.
[**11-14**]: MR head/brain: IMPRESSION:
1. Features consistent with invasive fungal sinusitis involving 
primarily the ...