

Admission Date:  [**3494-11-9**]     Discharge Date:  [**3494-11-13**]

Date of Birth:   [**3433-2-21**]     Sex:  M

Service:  [**Doctor Last Name 102**]

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Fever and shortness of breath.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Patient is a 61-year-old male
with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and
laryngeal cancer, status post laryngectomy and tracheostomy
and recurrent pneumonias, who two weeks prior to admission
developed shortness of breath and green sputum.  He was given
a ten day course of levofloxacin, however, his symptoms
returned two days after completing the ten days at which time
he was restarted on levofloxacin.  He presented to the
Emergency Department on the 4th with persistent symptoms and
fever to 102 despite that antibiotic therapy.  He says that
he was still able to eat.  He denied any headache, neck
stiffness, but did complain of myalgias.  He denied any chest
pain, abdominal pain, dysuria or frequency.  Patient reports
that his baseline oxygen saturation was 87% which is how he
presented and that he is comfortable at that level.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Laryngeal cancer, diagnosed in [**3480**], status post
laryngectomy, status post tracheostomy and radiation
therapy.
2.  Patient had a right-sided pneumothorax in [**3482**].
3.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
4.  History of Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus
pneumonia.
5.  Hypothyroidism.
6.  Cervical stenosis, status post laminectomy.
7.  Right ear surgery.
8.  Left clavicular fracture and surgery.
9.  Right hemiplegia secondary to his laminectomy surgery.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Synthroid 0.125 mg q.d., baclofen
40 mg q. 4 hours and trazodone 200 mg q.h.s.

ALLERGIES:  Morphine and codeine which cause rash and Kefzol.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient is a retired truck driver.  He
lives with his wife.  He had a 60 pack year smoking history
and quit 14 years ago.   Reports occasional alcohol use.

FAMILY HISTORY:  Significant for a sister with a brain tumor.

EXAM ON ADMISSION:  Temperature of 101.2.  Heart rate 109.
Blood pressure 96/56 down to 74/52.  Respiratory rate 17.
Oxygen saturation 84% on room air.  In general, he was easily
arousable.  He did not appear in any respiratory distress,
but was ill-appearing.  On head, eyes, ears, nose and throat
exam, he had a left eyelid droop.  His pupils were equal and
reactive.  His oropharynx was diffusely erythematous.  His
neck had no jugular venous distention or lymphadenopathy.
The anatomy was very distorted from his laryngeal resection
and tracheostomy.  His lungs had bibasilar crackles.  His
heart exam was regular without murmur and tachycardic.  His
abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended.  He had no
hepatosplenomegaly and normal bowel sounds.  His extremities
had trace edema.

LABS ON ADMISSION:  He had a white blood cell count of 20.4
with 83% neutrophils, and 10 lymphocytes.  Hematocrit was
50.6 and platelet count 177,000.  Chem-7 was not available at
the time.  Urinalysis showed specific gravity of 1.005.
Positive for nitrate and moderate leukocyte esterase and
[**12-26**] white blood cells with many bacteria.  Blood cultures
were drawn and were pending.  Chest x-ray showed question of
a right lower lobe infiltrate.

HOSPITAL COURSE:

1.  Infectious Disease:  In the Emergency Department, the
patient was started on Ceftriaxone and vancomycin based on
his history of Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus
pneumonia and became acutely hypotensive in the Emergency
Department.  He was given three liters of normal saline for
blood pressure that got as low as systolic in the 60s at one
point.  Right femoral line was placed and the patient was
started on dopamine 5 mg/kg with good response raising his
systolic blood pressure into the 100s.  The patient remained
tachycardic in the 120s. Oxygen saturations maintained in the
80s on room air and improved to 93-100 on trachea collar.
Throughout the event the patient was mentating well.  He was
admitted to the ...