
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3013-5-14**]              Discharge Date:   [**3013-6-18**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2957-4-1**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: NEUROLOGY
 
Allergies: 
Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 2225**] 
Chief Complaint:
transferred s/p ICH
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Intubation
Tracheostomy
PEG
EGD

 
History of Present Illness:
56yo M h/o HTN non-compliant on medications and poorly
controlled, who presented to [**Hospital1 **] yesterday evening with
vomiting and decreased responsiveness and found to have a left 
BG
hemorrhage. Per his records, he had N/V x one week but had not
sought medical attention. Yesterday, he complained of headache
and was agitated, with worse vomiting. His wife found him 
"acting
strange" and "thrashing about in the bed" and he did not respond
to voice. She denied history of alcohol or cocaine use in the
patient; nor does he have h/o DM, stroke, TIA and had not had
fever/chills, chest pain, SOB, abdominal pain, urinary symptoms,
diarrhea, constipation, neck/back pain, flank pain or URI
symptoms. 

On EMS arrival, bp was 270/140 and pulse 140. He was flaccid on
his right side and had non-sensical speech. They applied
nitropaste and gave SLNTG. 

At [**Hospital1 **], his neurological exam was documented as "GCS of 9
(3-eye, 2-verbal, 4-motor). He was given IV labetalol and loaded
with dilantin 1g IV. Blood pressure fell to systolic 120's and
antihypertensives were discontinued. He received sedation en
route to our ED and had been off sedation for 30min prior to
first neurological exam by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **]. Platelet transfusion was
refused by the wife due to Jehovah witness religion.

ICU course has been complicated this morning by hypertension,
with pressures in the systolic 200's and MAPs 140s;
coffee-grounds suctioned out of his NGT and oliguria (25cc's
total). Neurologically, however, his exam has improved (see
below), off sedation.

 
Past Medical History:
PMH: 
HTN
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] ([**Hospital1 84**]) last saw patient in [**3008**], with Cr in 2's and HTN, 
at which point he discontinued medical care and stopped taking 
all meds

 
Social History:
SH: no etoh/drugs/tob. jehovah's witness (refuses PRBC 
transfusions)

 
Family History:
FH: unknown

 
Brief Hospital Course:
Neuro:
The patient was admitted to the neurologic ICU after discovery 
of his left-sided intracerebral hemorrhage. His blood pressure 
was controlled and his neurologic status remained stable; he 
retained full alertness throughout. On [**5-31**], he was transferred 
from the ICU to neurologic stepdown unit, for continued 
treatment and placement in rehab.  His left side retained full 
strength and after 7-10 days, he began again to follow commands. 
His right was initially flaccid with no response to noxious 
stimuli, but began to develop some movement 2 weeks before 
discharge.  Upon discharge, he had some antigravity strength in 
the biceps, triceps, wrist extensor, grasp.   He was only trace 
at deltoid, wrist flexor and finger extensors.  Right homonymous 
hemianopia persists. The right leg was initially flaccid.  Then 
developed some non antigravity movement on noxious stimulation.  
This continued to improve, and at discharge, he was a 4 in the 
IP, HS, 3 at Quad, and 4+ in the Dorsi/plantar flexors.  

Renal:
The patient was seen by renal consult and dialysis initiated, 
which he will be dependent upon for the forseeable future. The 
etiology was thought to be a combination of HTN, then 
hypoperfusion/ATN, and microangiopathy, the latter which would 
explain the patient's thrombocytopenia, which is now recovered.  
The patient received Hemodialysis MWF which he was tolerating 
well.  His most recent HD was on day of discharge [**3013-6-18**].

Heme:
Heme consult found no evidence of schistocytes.  Work up of his 
iron deficiency anmeia revealed upper GI bleed with gastritis, 
duodenitis and [**Doctor First Name **]-[*...