
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**2792-8-25**]              Discharge Date:   [**2792-9-21**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2710-1-10**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: CARDIOTHORACIC
 
Allergies: 
Iodine; Iodine Containing / Cephalosporins / Gabapentin / 
Quinolones / Sulfa (Sulfonamides)
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 51**] 
Chief Complaint:
Chest pain
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Emergent ascending aorta and hemiarch replacement
Open J-tube
Tracheostomy

 
History of Present Illness:
Mrs. [**Known patient lastname 9254**] is an 82 yo F who was transferred from [**Hospital 1286**] 
Hospital with a diagnosis of type A dissection, obtained by CT 
scan in the course of work-up for shortness of breath and chest 
pain.  She was taken to the operating room urgently for repair 
of her type A dissection.
 
Past Medical History:
HTN
DMII
Hypercholesterolemia
osteoporosis
R. breast ca, s/p mastectomy
R. arm lymphedema
Spondylolisthesis
s/p TAH
 
Social History:
Lives with husband
Denies [**Name2 (NI) 2064**] or EtOH
 
Family History:
NC
 
Physical Exam:
At time of discharge:

Alert, follows commands, moves all 4 extremities, however very 
minimal on left
PERRL, does not open eyes spontaneously
RRR, no murmurs appreciated
Lungs with coarse BS b/l, no w/r/r
Abd soft, NT/ND, +bs, J-tube in place
LE with trace edema b/l, UE with 2+ edema
 
Pertinent Results:
CTA head [**8-27**]: 1. Subacute ischemic infarction in the area of 
the R. central gyrus, likely related to the recent aortic repair 
surgery. No embolus, thrombus, or areas of significant stenosis 
seen.
2. Moderate-sized pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis 
in the left lung.
[**2792-9-21**] 03:13AM BLOOD WBC-4.8 RBC-3.24* Hgb-9.6* Hct-28.1* 
MCV-87 MCH-29.7 MCHC-34.4 RDW-15.3 Plt Ct-286
[**2792-9-21**] 03:13AM BLOOD Glucose-115* UreaN-12 Creat-0.2* Na-139 
K-4.1 Cl-99 HCO3-36* AnGap-8
 
Brief Hospital Course:
On [**2792-8-25**], Ms. [**Known patient lastname 9254**] was transferred from [**Hospital 1286**] Hospital 
to the cardiac surgery service under the care of Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] 
with a diagnosis of a Type A aortic dissection. She underwent 
emergency ascending aortic arch and hemi arch replacement with a 
24mm Gelweave graft.  Cross clamp time was 70 mins., total 
bypass time was 110 mins., and circ. arrest time was 22 mins.  
Post-operatively she was transferred to the CSRU in stable 
condition. On POD 1 she was noted to have left sided weakness, 
was not opening her eyes spontaneously, and a neurology consult 
was obtained. A CTA of her head revealed ischemia in the right 
precentral gyrus. She continued to be in afib and was placed on 
amiodarone, ASA, and heparin ggt. A dobhoff feeding tube was 
placed on POD 3 and she was started on enteral nutrition. She 
was extubated, but required agressive respiratory therapy for 
management of secretions.  
She had a bronch on POD#5 which revealed mucous plugging.  She 
remained lethargic and required intermittent bronchs.  She was 
also unable to complete a swallowing evaluation and had tube 
feeds.  Her neuro status gradually improved, but she still 
remains quite lethargic.  On POD#15 she underwent placement of 
an open J tube.  
She continued to progress and did continue to require aggressive 
respiratory therapy, and eventually had a trach on POD#21.   She 
had not had afib for 10 days and did not require further 
anticoagulation.  Neuro was in aggreement with this as well.  On 
POD#22 she had a R thoracentesis and 700cc of straw colored 
fluid was obtained.  An bilateral ultrasound of the chest showed 
minimal effusions on [**2792-9-18**].  She continued to progress and on 
POD#26 she was discharged to rehab in stable condition. 
 
Medications on Admission:
Vasotec 2.5", zocor 40', oscal 500"', actonel 35mg Wqk, 
glucophage 500"
 
Discharge Medications:
1. Lansoprazole 30 mg Susp,Delayed Release for Recon Sig: One 
(1)  PO DAILY (Daily).  
2. Aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).  
3. Albu...