


Admission Date:  [**2582-11-11**]       Discharge Date:  [**2582-11-14**]

Date of Birth:                    Sex:  F

Service:  Medical Intensive Care Unit

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 68-year-old woman with
a past medical history of insulin-dependent diabetes
mellitus, ALS, with progressive bulbar palsy, and low-grade
lymphoma who presents to [**Hospital1 10**]
for bronchoscopy through an electively placed tracheostomy
for concern about tracheal stenosis.

The patient received a tracheostomy and a percutaneous
endoscopic gastrostomy tube on [**2582-9-26**] as elective
procedures due to progressive dysphagia and respiratory
distress from her progressive bulbar palsy.  The patient has
had several problems with her tracheostomy since getting the
tracheostomy placed.  She has had difficulty with speech when
on tracheostomy mask and difficulty weaning from the
tracheostomy mask ventilation.  However, she has had no
fevers, chills, sweats, or shortness of breath, and she has
been able to ambulate and due a small amount of activity
while not on the ventilator.  She has been on a ventilator
wean for several weeks; being ventilated only at night and
going eight to ten hours during the day without mechanical
ventilation.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:   Her physical
examination on admission revealed she was afebrile, with a
heart rate of 90, respiratory rate was 23, saturating 100% on
4 liters through her tracheostomy mask.  Her blood pressure
was 130/70.  She was in no acute distress.  She was alert and
oriented times three.  She is Spanish-speaking only.  She had
a tracheostomy in place with no erythema, no exudate, and no
bleeding from the tracheostomy site.  Her neck was supple
with no lymphadenopathy.  Her lungs were clear to
auscultation bilaterally.  Her heart was regular in terms of
rate with no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.   Her abdomen was
obese, soft, and nontender with active bowel sounds.  No
hepatosplenomegaly was noted.  The patient had 1+ edema in
her lower extremities bilaterally.  Her cranial nerves II
through XII were intact bilaterally.  Pupils were equal,
round, and reactive to light.  She had [**4-7**] upper and lower
extremity strength bilaterally with 1+ deep tendon reflexes
in the upper and lower extremities bilaterally.

PERTINENT LABORATORY DATA ON PRESENTATION:  Laboratories on
admission revealed white blood cell count was 12.9,
hemoglobin was 1.1, hematocrit was 35, and platelets were 552
(with 80% neutrophils, 15% lymphocytes, 3% monocytes, and 3%
eosinophils).  INR was 1.2, PT was 13, PTT was 32.
Chemistry-7 revealed sodium was 139, potassium was 4.2,
chloride was 100, bicarbonate was 30, blood urea nitrogen was
16, creatinine was 0.8, and blood glucose was 246.  Anion gap
was 9.  Calcium was 8.9, phosphate was 4, magnesium was 2.

HOSPITAL COURSE:

1.  TRACHEAL STENOSIS:  The patient had tracheal stenosis
based on a report from an outside hospital bronchoscopy.  The
patient was taken for bronchoscopy to confirm tracheal
stenosis which was done on hospital day two.  The patient
tolerated the procedure well, and a dilation procedure was
planned for the next day.

The patient also had a computed tomography scan of the
trachea which revealed tracheal wall thickening adjacent to
the tracheostomy tube; most likely reflecting granulation
tissue.  This resulted in mild narrowing of the trachea
adjacent to the tracheostomy tube.  The trachea distal to
this level was normal in appearance as were the central and
main bronchi with no evidence malacia in the trachea or main
stem bronchi.  When available, additional multiplanar and 3-D
images will be obtained to review images with axial images.

On hospital day three, the patient was taken for balloon
dilatation which was successful and without complications.
The patient tolerated the procedure well.  The patient had
slight resolution of symptoms but continued improvement was
expected.  The patient had no bleeding.  No evidence of
infection.  No fe...